The following information was published 2025-08-13 on this URL: https://svenskacupen.gg/valve-specific-information/

Basic Information

Tournament Name: Svenska Cupen 2025
Main Tournament dates: 12-15 november 2025
Tournament Operator: Fragbite AB

Additional Information
Direct VRS Invites to the Closed Qualifier (4 Rosters) and LAN finals (4 Rosters) will be based on a filtered VRS list starting from rank 13 on the Global VRS list.

To be included in the filtered VRS list, the Roster must consist of a minimum of three (3) Athletes with a Swedish citizenship.

A total of 8 Rosters will be subject to a Direct VRS Invite. 4 Rosters will be directly invited to the LAN finals and 4 Rosters will be directly invited to the Closed Qualifier.

In the event that there are fewer eligible VRS rosters than the number of announced Direct VRS Invites, the empty slots will be filled through additional Open Qualifiers.

The Invitation Date for Svenska Cupen is 7 October.

The VRS publication date from which Direct VRS invites will be issued is 6 October.

The VRS publication date which will be used for seeding in the Closed Qualifier will be based on the VRS ranking of 6 October. The VRS publication date which will be used for seeding the LAN finals will be based on the VRS ranking of 3 November.

The VISA region for Svenska Cupen is Europe and European Union and therefore Schengen Union.

The tournament features four (4) Open Qualifiers played online and one (1) Closed Qualifier played online. Exact details and rules for the Qualifiers will be published shortly.

The Main Tournament, which features Group Stage and Playoffs, will be played on LAN.

The prize pool of Svenska Cupen is 300 000 SEK. The prize pool is distributed as follows:
1: 150 000 SEK
2: 70 000 SEK
3: 50 000 SEK
4: 12 500 SEK
5-6: 5 000 SEK
7-8: 3 750 SEK

Travel, accommodation, and meals for the Rosters participating in the Main Tournemant are covered by the tournament organizer. There is no other compensation to Teams or Players except the Prize Pool (described above).

Integrity and Conduct of Rules

Fragbite reserves the right to decline team participation and players that have VAC banned accounts or other integrity reports.

Fragbite reserves the right to reject teams to participate that have any ownership affiliation with Fragbite AB or other affiliated companies to Fragbite AB.

Fragbite AB reserves the right to decline/reject sign-ups where a Team is owned by the same organization as the other Team. Fragbite won’t allow Team Organizations to sign up two teams owned by the same entity or be heavily associated as Academy team of the Main team.

Full Ruleset for the Tournament will be released shortly.
